Fix #10344: docs: Update explanation for copying static files manually (#10452)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: doc/development/theming.rst

Add your own static files to the build assets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

By default, Sphinx copies static files on the ``static/`` directory of the template
directory.  However, if your package needs to place static files outside of the
``static/`` directory for some reasons, you need to copy them to the ``_static/``

> directory of HTML outputs manually at the build via an event hook.  Here is a sample
> code to accomplish this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directory of HTML outputs manually at the build via an event hook.  Here is an
example of code to accomplish this:
```

Author: Thanks!
